(NR-274256) Add non-ingest endpoints to privatelink docs (#18185)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/data-apis/custom-data/aws-privatelink.mdx

            `com.amazonaws.vpce.us-east-1.vpce-svc-007e743510dc46024`
          </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>

          </td>
          <td>

>             `identity-api.newrelic.com`

Reviewer: @haus Is the first one supposed to be in the table cell above?

Author: i copied the blank cell from the us-east-2 version. i think it is there because these are part of the infrastructure product (the row above).

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/724a3873-40fa-4df3-b65b-4ae78e869cec)

            `com.amazonaws.vpce.us-east-1.vpce-svc-07d529b1d0f6d417d`
          </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>
            New Relic REST API
          </td>
          <td>
            `api.newrelic.com`
          </td>
          <td>
            `com.amazonaws.vpce.us-east-1.vpce-svc-05adda8aa9c23eaa3`
          </td>
        </tr>

        <tr>
          <td>
            Synthetics job manager
          </td>
          <td>
            `synthetics-horde.nr-data.net`
          </td>
          <td>
            `com.amazonaws.vpce.us-east-1.vpce-svc-05adda8aa9c23eaa3`
          </td>
        </tr>

        </tbody>
      </table>
      <Callout variant="important">

>         Review the following constraints when configuring the `api.newrelic.com`, `identity-api.newrelic.com`, `infrastructure-command-api.newrelic.com` or `synthetics-horde.nr-data.net` hostnames:
>         - The endpoint service does not have an associated DNS private name. Create a PrivateLink connected to this service endpoint, and create the Private Hosted Zone (PHZ) for each hostname.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The endpoint services for `api.newrelic.com`, `identity-api.newrelic.com`, `infrastructure-command-api.newrelic.com`, and `synthetics-horde.nr-data.net` do not have associated DNS private names.
        * To configure access to these services, create a PrivateLink connection to each service endpoint.
        * For each hostname listed above, create a corresponding Private Hosted Zone (PHZ).
```

            `com.amazonaws.vpce.us-west-2.vpce-svc-006678e8c6f037152`
          </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>

>           </td>

Reviewer: @haus Is there supposed to be something in this cell?

Author: same comment as above. the cell is intentionally blank to imply a continuation of the product from the row immediately above. i copied that pattern from the us-east-2 table

            `com.amazonaws.vpce.us-west-2.vpce-svc-06192ca8948a1e41c`
          </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <td>
            New Relic REST API
          </td>
          <td>
            `api.newrelic.com`
          </td>
          <td>
            `com.amazonaws.vpce.us-west-2.vpce-svc-0e8e1c3c0fd16ff9c`
          </td>
        </tr>

        <tr>
          <td>
            Synthetics job manager
          </td>
          <td>
            `synthetics-horde.nr-data.net`
          </td>
          <td>
            `com.amazonaws.vpce.us-west-2.vpce-svc-0e8e1c3c0fd16ff9c`
          </td>
        </tr>

        </tbody>
      </table>
      <Callout variant="important">

>         Review the following constraints when configuring the `api.newrelic.com`, `identity-api.newrelic.com`, `infrastructure-command-api.newrelic.com` or `synthetics-horde.nr-data.net` hostnames:
>         - The endpoint service does not have an associated DNS private name. Create a PrivateLink connected to this service endpoint, and create the Private Hosted Zone (PHZ) for each hostname.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The endpoint services for `api.newrelic.com`, `identity-api.newrelic.com`, `infrastructure-command-api.newrelic.com`, and `synthetics-horde.nr-data.net` do not have associated DNS private names.
        * To configure access to these services, create a PrivateLink connection to each service endpoint.
        * For each hostname listed above, create a corresponding Private Hosted Zone (PHZ) within your VPC.
```

Author: I'm down with that. I just copied the existing language but I'm happy to update it.

            `com.amazonaws.vpce.eu-central-1.vpce-svc-06d5b2d7e79ddd78e`
            </td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>

>             </td>

Reviewer: @haus Same with this one?

Author: same comment as above. the cell is intentionally blank to imply a continuation of the product from the row immediately above. i copied that pattern from the us-east-2 table

            `com.amazonaws.vpce.eu-central-1.vpce-svc-04308d96cf1012913`
            </td>
          </tr>
          <tr>
            <td>
              New Relic REST API
            </td>
            <td>
              `api.eu.newrelic.com`
            </td>
            <td>
              `com.amazonaws.vpce.eu-central-1.vpce-svc-0779388869aeac607`
            </td>
          </tr>

          <tr>
            <td>
              Synthetics job manager
            </td>
            <td>
              `synthetics-horde.eu01.nr-data.net`
            </td>
            <td>
              `com.amazonaws.vpce.eu-central-1.vpce-svc-0779388869aeac607`
            </td>
          </tr>

        </tbody>
      </table>
      <Callout variant="important">

>         Review the following constraints when configuring the `api.eu.newrelic.com`, `identity-api.eu.newrelic.com`, `infrastructure-command-api.eu.newrelic.com` or `synthetics-horde.eu01.nr-data.net` hostnames:
>         - The endpoint service does not have an associated DNS private name. Create a PrivateLink connected to this service endpoint, and create the Private Hosted Zone (PHZ) for each hostname.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Review the following constraints when configuring the `api.eu.newrelic.com`, `identity-api.eu.newrelic.com`, `infrastructure-command-api.eu.newrelic.com` or `synthetics-horde.eu01.nr-data.net` hostnames:
        - The endpoint service does not have an associated DNS private name. Create a PrivateLink connected to this service endpoint, and create the Private Hosted Zone (PHZ) for each hostname.
```

```suggestion
        The endpoint services for `api.eu.newrelic.com`, `identity-api.eu.newrelic.com`, `infrastructure-command-api.eu.newrelic.com` or `synthetics-horde.eu01.nr-data.net` do not have associated DNS private names.
        * To configure access to these services, create a PrivateLink connection to each service endpoint.
        * For each hostname listed above, create a corresponding Private Hosted Zone (PHZ).
```
